my laurels beauties have me to do this
it's basically make up in five minutes
I've laid out all the things that I
intend to use and we will just see how
well I do I put my phone on to flight
mode because those of you that watch a
lot of my videos may realize or may have
seen in the past and for some reason my
camera picks up every single signal of
my phone so fingers crossed and you
weren't here interviewer instructs video
if it is picking up the interference
that i'll just put music over the top
what forgot still be okay so I've set my
alarm and I will start it I've already
much showed my face so I'm just going to
go straight into the makeup and I will
start it no I'm going to use NARS sheer
glow I don't leave my talk to others
about products i'll tell you at the end
or unused but i'm just going to apply
within in quickest possible way i was
going to use in foundation all because i
recently had stopped using foundation
but i thought that was kind of a cop-out
because most of you would put foundation
on a man i would its majority at the
time just having issues okay so i don't
quickest way over polynesian has to be
with my homies Joseph OAuth 20
underneath it okay and the concealer
family's gonna be what is this called
Rosie's cult erase paste my don't fit
I'm just gonna use our minds for certain
parts of my makeup routine I know take a
lot longer than others and what I'm
really looking forward to it is look
round liner and mascara
that's going to take forever musk are
especially got I really work it into
your lashes I've uses erase paste in
months I don't you've been really like
it I'm just going to put a little bit
into my eyes no fewer than you mean
anywhere else and then tell them brush
using the math one from 17 again I want
all our products at the end okay fiction
reuse is minus bronzer blush in so much
if you kind of just like double or
triple duty it's like a blusher a
bronzer and a highlight all in one just
I want to get through this bit but I can
be quickly so I've got one more time two
hours i blend it out a little bit with
my big brush okay i'm gonna put on her
face on my eyes and I'm going to use
tape attempt from Mac you kind of a warm
medium brown quad I'm going to go back
to contour if i have time
while I'm just gonna guess one color
okay I would you mind I was quick i'm
going to use wedge for max my eyebrows
busy on booth time I'm just wasting time
looking up time I'm gonna write no time
at all hey little one the only things
too
I've not have even been in shop isn't IV
gone over evening things up I said he's
all good news with like time to spare
skyress quickly
quickly quickly quickly done that's my
five minutes okay so that is my makeup
this is pretty much how I do my makeup
every single day I'm kind of surprised
and not surprised that I could to me
five minutes I would have taken a lot
longer of my line and I must go if I had
all day to do it and but otherwise I
didn't really skip any steps this is
pretty much what i would do on a
day-to-day basis other than at the
moment I'm kind of a leading foundation
because it's sitting weird on my skin
but I'll just run through quickly what I
used and all i'll use my NARS sheer glow
and foundation which is a Mont Blanc
which is a yellow based foundation and
then I used erase paste in number two
medium under my eyes I then use number
17 shine control pressed powder in
neutral which shows i use my bronzer
blush it blend from minors in some
blushed my cheeks is like a highlight on
little bronzer blusher and on my eyes I
used take a hint and I used and wedge on
my eyebrows I would have gone over a
contour image as well if I had time and
liquid online it was balam ID from
Rimmel baby Seamus Goro used on my
underneath lushes and volume lower
lashes from l'oreal and used on my top
lashes and what else what else what else
and on my lips I used minus math factor
in peach this is pretty much what i use
day to day i will say that i did put on
my beauty flash bomb just before making
the video kind of asthma moisturize
really that's positive cheating it's
kind of you moisturize in advance and
but yeah that's everything that I used
hopefully you were like the video thank
you to Laura for tagging me to do it if
you do a video like this leave me act of
leave me about the video response and it
is only the videos that if you want
mixed tag don't tell me to do leave me a
comment because I really like the others
like this it's just I don't get tons of
time and to start off with no makeup on
machinima put a little bit of something
on before or whatever so I know a few
days that I can do this and but five
minute makeup challenge is equipped for
you to film soon thanks for watching if
you haven't already please go subscribe
check out my other videos and all my
links in their damn bar